All right, we have enough to start. When you come in, tell us where you're from and how your weather is today.
I hear the sound of an abundance of rain. How about you? I'm calling forth the rain over Tulsa, Oklahoma.
Oklahoma needs rain now, and we're going to bring it in in Jesus'name. Thank you for joining us.
We'll just jump right into the river here; I have an urgency in my spirit.
The Lord said, "I want you on,"and we did our best here, but we've got a lot of work to do.
We're going to pray over certain things the Lord has brought up to my spirit today.
He said, "I want you to pray over Minnesota. I want you to pray over Mike Lindell. He needs some covering right now.
There's some things that he's going through that nobody knows, obviously."And the Lord said, "You bring it to the people tonight and pray over Mike Lindell, the pillow man."He's going to win; I believe with all my heart he's going to win.
But he needs some covering in the spirit; undergirding is what I want to call it—a little push.
So we're going to pray for Mike Lindell tonight. That was on my heart all day.
And then the other thing was praying over Passover. It has started now. It's already tomorrow in Australia, I believe.
We're going to pray over Passover, specifically over the United States and the synagogues where the Jewish people gather, for protection in and around the areas where they might be doing their services. But the Lord put this on my heart.
He said, "Pray for them against terrorist attacks, against mass Mass shootings events, and so on."The Lord warned us a lot about the first, which is just a couple of hours from now here in the central part of America.
He said that it would be a doubling—that we would now see the doubling of where we were from Passover on, going into the next six months.
We're going to see an acceleration of things. And he said this is a time that we need to pray even more.
I'm so thankful for every one of you who came out so quickly to pray with us.
I'm not used to just jumping right into the river here, but I've been instructed.
So let's take communion real quick. I know this is getting really fast, but let's take communion.
Father, I just thank you for your body. I thank you, Father, that you were wounded for our transgressions.
You were bruised for our iniquities. The chastisement of our peace was upon you and with your stripes we are healed.
And Father, I thank you, Lord, that just like we always are believing that today is the expiration date of whatever they're believing for tonight.
I thank you, Father, that as we pray as believing believers, we're not beggars.
We're not going before the Father begging. We're not beggars. We're believers, and we receive what he said we could have.
And I believe tonight there's many of you that will get your breakthrough as we're in prayer tonight.
You'll get your breakthrough in your body as we're interceding for the nations, as we're interceding for the things the Lord has called us to pray for.
Believe for your miracle. It's time for the body of Christ to be that body and to arise and shine for the light has come and the glory of the Lord has risen on us.
It's time for us to be salty. We must be salty. We cannot lose our saltiness.
We have to be that light in the darkness that whenever the people see it in the days ahead, no matter how dark the world gets, the church gets lighter and lighter.
That we are that church, that glorious body. We are the glorious church. The glorious body is rising up in these last days.
And it's time that we take our dominion and our authority and be that backbone like a crowbar and tell the devil he's not taking our stuff.
If we don't stand up and do this and do what we're supposed to do for Canada, praying over Canada when I told you what I saw concerning Canada, the devil's just going to run you right over.
You have to put that with the authority of the believer, like a police officer.
It's the authority of the government that backs him. It's the power of the government that backs the police officer.
A police officer by himself doesn't have anything. He just stands up there with a stop sign.
But it's because of who backs him: the law, the law of the land, the United States government.
When he says 'Stop,'you stop immediately because you know there's consequences if you don't.
And as a believing believer who knows who they are, as He is, so are we in this world.
When we put up our Holy Ghost stop sign, that devil better stop.
And so we know that whenever a Christian is is ignorant and doesn't know who they are in Christ, the devil knows.
When you know, the devil knows when you know. He knows immediately by the way you act, by being a begging believer versus being a believing believer.
And you're the one that says, 'Hey, I know who I am, whom I serve, who's living on the inside of me.
And I know that I have authority over you because Jesus Christ gave it to me.'And I thank you.
It's all right. I have a nickel, son. But that's what I'm trying to tell you. As far as a quarter goes, I told you it'd be that thin.
You're going to see the darkness of this world get darker and darker with labor pains.
As labor pains upon a woman, so will it be. And then you're going to see the glorious church rise.
But it's your choice what side you want to look at every day. You can look at all the drama.
You can look at what's going on with Facebook and all this other, or you can look at what the Bible says.
We're the victorious church, the blood-bought, the church, the redeemed.
But it's your choice. You have to choose every single day. I will focus on what God has called me to do.
And I will not allow my mind to wander and go, "Oh, what about the sky's falling, Chicken Little?"And that's why I'm not saying it's not falling.
I believe with all my heart the best days are yet to come for the church, for us, the remnant.
But yes, we're going to see some things. And I've warned you time and time again about the things the Lord has showed me.
But does it have to affect you? Am I going to participate in economic struggles? Are you going to participate in economic struggles?
I don't know about you in your house, but as for me and my house, we're going to serve the Lord.
And I believe that the Bible says I've never seen the righteous forsaken or his seed begging bread.
And that whenever I give, it shall be given unto me: good measure, pressed down, shaken together, and running over shall men give unto our bosom.
I believe that the wealth of the sinners is laid up for the righteous.
But you have to be a believing believer that is fully persuaded that what God has promised, he's able also to perform it.
And if you're not fully persuaded, the devil's going to know and he's going to be knocking on your door.
So, we're going to stand tonight. We're going to take our communion.
And we're believing believers that are fully persuaded that what Jesus Christ did on that cross—he suffered and he died for every single one of us.
That we don't have to have sickness in our body. We don't have to have disease. He took it all for us.
And at the finished work of Jesus Christ, at the finished work of the cross, he said, "It is finished."Everything he set out to do for us to have victory over sickness, disease, poverty, lack, over the devil in every area of our life.
We have authority and he gave it to us whenever he said, "It is finished."And he rose again on that third day.
That's what resurrection week's all about. So, thank you, Father, for what you did for us.
And we take this in the name of Jesus in remembrance of what you did.
Now, Lord, we say we make much of the blood and the blood makes much of us. Father, we thank you, Lord.
We plead the blood of Jesus all around my house, all around my children, all around my wife.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that the blood covers our finances, covers us.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that it never loses its power. We're so grateful for the blood of Jesus.
We're so grateful that we are the blood-bought, the church, the redeemed.
And I plead the blood and I apply the blood over this live stream tonight, over the internet connection, over all the people watching tonight.
Father, we thank you, Lord, uninterrupted and unhindered by any satanic or demonic force.
We say, 'Satan, you're under our feet and you will not disrupt in any way.
I call clarity of thought over my mind and that I think like I'm supposed to of clarity of thought.'And Father, I thank you, Lord.
We take authority over any hexes, vexes, or anybody trying to curse us while we're doing it.
And we bless those that try to come against us. And we forgive them, Father.
And we thank you, Lord, that they're going to get born again. For love takes no account of a suffered wrong.
And we thank you, Lord, that tonight we forgive our enemies. We forgive those that persecute us.
But every tongue that rises against us, we condemn those words and they fall to the ground.
Father, we thank you, Lord, for the blood right now in Jesus'name. All right.
Now, I thank you, Lord, that I hear your voice and a stranger's voice we will not follow.
If you want to say anything to me, Father, through visions or anything in the spirit, Father, I thank you.
I'm yielded to you. I'm yielded to you, Holy Spirit. I yield to the anointing of the prophetic.
I yield to the anointing of the watcher. And I thank you, Father, that it's all about you.
And it's that I will always decrease that you always increase.
Father, I know you will not share your glory with anybody. And Father, I will touch not the anointing.
I'll touch not the glory. Father, I give you all the glory, honor, and praise for you.
We know that you could use anybody. You don't have to use me. You could use anybody. But I thank you, Father, that you use me once again.
And I yield myself over to you, Holy Spirit, that you pray through me, that we pray together, and we get the job done in Jesus'name.
All right. So, let's lift up Mike Lindell and let's pray for him real quick.
Okay. I just felt an urgency to pray for him. I don't know what it is; there's something there.
I don't know if it's concerning his health, praying over his heart and his arteries in his neck, and praying over his mind for strokes, praying over his body. Okay?
So, we're just praying over every satanic attack that would try to come against his flesh or personal harm, but specifically for his blood pressure, specifically for his blood flow in his body.
Okay, we're going to pray for this and it's very serious. Pray over his blood flow and his body, protection over him, and over his finances concerning what has been stolen and what the enemy has planned to derail him; it will not happen.
It will not prosper. Every tongue that rises against us, we condemn it.
No weapon formed against us will prosper. I believe that tonight we're going to pray for him.
So, Father, we just lift him up before you. We come against this demonic attack.
I pray over Mike Lindell's blood pressure. I pray over his blood.
I pray over his veins and his neck. I take authority over strokes. I take authority over high blood pressure.
I plead the blood of Jesus over his veins, over his mind that he will not have any blockages of any kind.
We take authority over his heart and over every blockage, over everything that would try to be any kind of widow-makers or anything that is assigned to kill, steal, and destroy.
I plead the blood of Jesus over Mike Lindell. I cover him from the top of his head to the soles of his feet. Father, that he will live long and he will finish strong.
I thank you, Father, that you are parting the sea in front of him and he will finish the task at hand to be the governor over Minnesota.
And we say in the name of Jesus that great favor will flow, great favor will be all around him, and the prosperity and the blessing of the Lord would bring back what the cankerworm has eaten of his finances.
And we thank you, Lord, that he's blessed in the city. He's blessed in the field.
He's blessed coming in and he's blessed going out. I thank you, Lord, for Mike Lindell.
I thank you, Lord, for men and women that rise up and run for election in the body of Christ that will stand with a backbone like a crowbar and stand for our Constitution and stand for our Bill of Rights, standing against abortion and every ungodly act.
I thank you, Lord, in the name of Jesus that you undergird him and encourage him right now, even as he's wherever he's at—in his office, at his home, in a hotel, or if he's driving in his car.
I thank you, Lord, that he has angels'aid and assistance all around him.
I plead the blood of Jesus and that he would have great favor with the people of Minnesota.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that he would stand out, that the light would shine on him, that he would have great victory, and that he wouldn't win just by a little.
He would win by a landslide in the name of Jesus. We thank you, Lord, for people running for office in our Senate, in our House, in Congress, and as judges.
Father, you are bringing good sheriffs into our sheriff's departments and bringing godly men and women into these positions.
Father, inspire them in their hearts right now, Holy Spirit.
Stir in them to say, "I want to run for office."Father, we will change this nation one person at a time if need be.
We believe that it will be the greatest red wave when they say all these people are resigning and quitting.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that you're pushing them out and bringing new ones in.
We're not going to flip our country to blue, but we will be a strong red with Holy Ghost values and Holy Ghost promises.
Father, you said, "If my people who are called by my name will humble themselves and pray and turn from their wicked ways, then we will hear from heaven and you would heal our land."I believe that scripture, Lord, as we are here praying right now.
It's not just about America; we believe that Canada is turning around.
We believe, Father, that Canada will not pass this ungodly persecution of the Bible over Canada in the Senate.
We come against this in the name of Jesus, that Canada will rise up and the believers of Canada will pray.
They will believe that if they are the people of that land who are called by the name of the Lord and they humble themselves and pray, I believe that Father, you'll heal Canada, you'll heal America, you'll heal all of Africa, Asia, and all throughout Europe—even Mexico and South America.
Father, you're going to do a great thing, a stirring in our nation and in Canada, so that we will not fall to communism.
We will not allow our rights to be taken away. We will not stand for it.
We rise up in the name of Jesus and take our authority, for we know we wrestle not against flesh and blood, but against principalities, powers, and spiritual wickedness in high places.
I take authority over that in the name of Jesus. Father, we have a nation that's one nation under God, and we believe, Father, that the best is yet to come.
I stand with the people of Canada that it will not pass in the Senate.
Has that passed over there yet? I'm making sure I'm praying over that.
It hadn't passed in the Senate today, right? Father, I thank you, Lord. We can stop it. We will stop it.
Father, it may have passed in their House, but it will not pass in the Senate.
It will not go into law. We're able to stand and say what the Bible says.
It's not considered hate speech to say the things the Word of God says.
I thank you, Lord, that the people of Canada are rising up and they have a strong faith.
Father, I saw that persecution coming. You warned me clear back this time last year. You said, "Pray, pray.
The people of Canada must pray."When I saw Justin Trudeau getting out and Mark coming in, the Lord said they must pray.
They're going to come and all these things, and I warned you what the Lord said.
Now we're seeing the fruit of it. But we will stand. I'll keep praying with y'all.
I believe with all my heart that we have the victory. We have the victory in Canada.
We have the victory all over Europe. It's not just about Canada. I saw the next phase would be England.
The next phase would come stronger on persecution for not being able to say certain things in England, and it would come even stronger in France, and it would try to go through Germany and it would try to go through Italy.
But I'm telling you, we will not have it in the name of Jesus. We have to rise up and believe this.
Pray. We could see some darkness, but you know what? It will not affect me.
I believe, Father, that the best is yet to come for the body of Christ.
It's time for the church to wake up. Wake up, church. You're running out of time.
Wake up the pastors, the teachers, and the evangelists. Stir in them, Father. Bring in the new Davids. Bring in the new Esthers.
Bring in the new people that have that backbone like a crowbar that will take the land for you—the Joshuas and the Calebs.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that you're bringing up great, mighty men and women of God that will be the next generation of the baton, and we're passing on that torch and saying we will live long and finish strong and we will be the generation that will not taste death.
It's time, church. We are that generation that will not taste death.
I truly believe that Jesus Christ told me. He said, "Brandon, you're not waiting on me.
I'm waiting on you."Do you know what scripture he used? Give the scripture, Braden, with long patience.
But we are always thinking, well, we're waiting on God. But he's waiting for us to bring in the harvest.
God wants his precious fruit. God wants the precious fruit of the earth, and he's waiting on us to go out and get it. We're waiting.
We're praying for him to do something, but he's done all he's going to do by giving us the authority of the believer.
It's time for us to rise up and put our armor on. We are not made to retreat. We don't have the armor to put on our backside.
It's made for us to take dominion and authority and take the land for Jesus.
And that's what he was showing me. You have it, 'precious fruit'.
It was right there. We'll have to keep that on file, honey. Be patient, therefore; this is James 5:7-8.
'Be patient, therefore, brethren, until the coming of the Lord.
Behold, the husbandman waiteth for the precious fruit of the earth, and hath long patience for it, until he receives the early and the latter rain.'He has long patience.
God's waiting on us to get a job done. He wants his harvest. And that's what I'm trying to tell you all. It's time for us to bring in the harvest.
So, we pray according to Ephesians that the eyes of their understanding would be enlightened that they may know.
What are they going to know? How much Jesus loves them. So we take—because the Bible says that Satan has blinded the eyes of the unbeliever.
Do you have that one, son? Keep that one and then go. Satan has blinded the eyes of the unbeliever.
I want to give it, so I have to give the street address. Okay, this is 2 Corinthians 4:4.
'In whom the god of this world hath blinded the minds of them which believe not, lest the light of the glorious gospel of Christ, who is the image of God, should shine unto them.'He's blocked it.
So that's why I try to tell you all, do you see that? 2 Corinthians 4:4.
When you're praying for your unsaved loved ones, it's Satan.
He has—look: 'In whom the god of this world hath blinded the minds of them which believe not, lest the light of the glorious gospel of Christ who is the image of God should shine upon them.'He's blocked it.
So we take authority over those blinders, over that blinder. He has blocked it.
And now, the Amplified Bible is better: 'Among them, the god of this world, Satan, has blinded the minds of the unbelieving to prevent them from seeing the illuminating light of the gospel of the glory of Christ who is the image of God.'So if you want to know why your relatives aren't getting saved, you want to know why?
Because Satan has done that. Suddenly, he has blinded their eyes.
Just like the Bible says right there, the god of this world, Satan, has blinded the minds of the unbelieving.
What do we do? According to Ephesians, that's where you use this; you have to have word-backed prayers.
"If you abide in me and my words remain in you, you will ask what you will and it shall be done unto you."But if you don't have word-backed prayers, you're not going to get results.
You might as well say, "Twinkle, twinkle, little star."You can pray anything, but you have to have word-backed prayers.
Look at it here in Ephesians: "And then I pray that the eyes of your heart, the very center and the core of your being, may be enlightened, flooded with light by the Holy Spirit so that you will know and cherish the hope, the divine guarantee, the confident expectation to which he has called you, the riches of his glory, inheritance in the saints."I like the King James Version on that one.
I'm praying God's going to take off the blinders. That's what we're praying.
In Ephesians, we pray that the eyes of their understanding would be enlightened, that they would know how much He's taking those blinders off, and that they would be flooded with light.
Right there: "The eyes of your understanding being enlightened; that ye may know what is the hope of his calling, and what the riches of the glory of his inheritance in the saints."They need to know.
We have to have those eyes enlightened. Satan blinded them, but we can pray for enlightenment. They need to know.
So we take authority over the devil blinding our unsaved loved ones'eyes according to that scripture.
And I thank You, Lord, that according to Ephesians, their eyes are enlightened.
They're going to know. Enlighten their eyes, Father. Flood them with light.
He's no longer able to blind them. Satan can't blind them anymore.
We take authority over it. And Father, I thank You, Lord, for the harvest.
For You have long patience for the harvest. "Be patient, therefore, brethren, until the coming of the Lord.
Behold, the husbandman waiteth for the precious fruit of the earth, and hath long patience for it, until he receives the early and the latter rain."So we believe with Him.
We believe with our Father; He's in agreement with us for His precious fruit.
And I believe that the laborers for the harvest are plentiful, and the laborers are few.
And I believe the laborers are here tonight. I believe that you're here and you're going to be a laborer.
I believe that you're here for such a time as this, and you've been called.
You say, 'I have been called to the kingdom for such a time as this,'and I lay hold to the unsaved loved ones.
I will be that vocal spokesperson to go into the darkness, to go into the uttermost parts of the earth, doing the Great Commission, laying hands on the sick, casting out devils, raising the dead, doing everything he's called us and told us we were supposed to do, and not shying away from it.
I'm saying, 'Hey, this is my generation, and I'm not going to idly stand by and let them all go to hell.
We're going to pray them out of hell. We're going to pray them out of this.'You've got to have a want-to big enough.
You've got to have a want-to strong enough to say, 'Hey, I'm going to be that person that stands in the gap.'To intercede means to take the place of one—to take the place of the one.
What are they going through? To intercede for them. Intercession. I'm interceding for them. I don't want them to go to hell.
And sometimes when you're interceding for that individual and they are on their way to hell, you take it on.
You feel like, 'Man, I feel so lost,'because an intercessor takes on the infirmity of that person, praying for it and lifting them up.
And sometimes you feel what they're feeling. I say, 'I'm not going to let it go.
I'm not going to let them go to hell.'So, we're praying for North Korea next, and we're going to lift up North Korea.
We prayed for Mike Lindell and his health, and I believe there's enough of you here now that Mike Lindell is having a good day.
You know, many hands make light work. I just had an unction on me about this already. That's why I just jumped right in the river tonight, folks.
But I'm telling you, we've got to get real serious about this stuff because there's some stuff I've seen coming that is dark: the frog jumping on our land from the Atlantic Ocean with that toad coming and jumping around the White House trying to come after our president.
And I saw his veins again, and I see a pressure on his mind, trying to give him a stroke, trying to take him out.
And it's interesting because it's similar to what I see on Mike Lindell, but this is even heavier with satanic attack on President Trump's mind, trying to fog his mind so he thinks—because of him—it's attached to saying things out of his mouth.
This is about Joe Biden. There's saints there. I don't know how, but I'm praying against it.
How he's always crazy about Joe Biden—Joe Biden this, Joe Biden that.
There's a demonic witchcraft that has been set against him to try to destroy him.
And the Lord said if the body of Christ doesn't lift him up over their shoulders and carry him across the finish line, he's not going to make it.
You must pray for our president. You must. He has a mission. And I believe he was appointed by God to be in the position he's in right now.
And the devil's not going to take him out. You must pray for him. I told you Jesus stood right here.
He said, "There's a plan to take your president out."He said, "I'm holding the church accountable for this. How will you intercede?
How will you pray for your president?"I saw the exact plan, but it keeps coming and there's different ones, and I keep praying them down.
The enemy does not want him to succeed because it's about Agenda 2030.
I told you I saw an economy crash worse than the 1929 crash. And the Lord said, "Pray, I'll give you a window.
Intercede."Why is it always a window? I don't know, because Jesus is coming.
And I believe the wealth of the sinner is laid up for the righteous for us to get the job done.
I believe this is what the Lord has told me. Now, you know what? I can miss it. I'm just human.
But I believe with all my heart that God has called me to the kingdom for such a time as this to do what I'm doing right now. So, Father, we just pray. Where should we go now?
Oh, we have so many things we can cover, but I keep bringing this to you because I want you to have scripture to back what you're praying over your family.
So, Father, we call the eyes of the understanding to be enlightened over these unsaved.
Now, Father, I thank you. We call for a revival in North Korea.
We call a shaking in North Korea. We say Kim Jong-un is removed.
We call his tyrant family, from his sister to his generals in the army—Father, we call them removed in the name of Jesus, just like how you did Pharaoh.
And I thank you that, Father, we stand for them. We pray for them.
Just like you said to Pharaoh, "Let my people go."Let the people of North Korea go in the name of Jesus.
I see that dragon again. I see that red dragon. And now I see an angel, the angel of the Lord.
And that's Michael. He just lassoed that dragon by the neck and he's pulling it. Y'all, Michael's huge.
I heard you say, "How do you know it's Michael?"because the Lord said, "That's Michael."I'm watching him.
He said, "Great breakthroughs are coming for North Korea, son.
A shaking is coming to Kim Jong-un. I see something with his health.
He has opened doors and persecution. We ask for divine judgment concerning this.
We ask for divine judgment concerning Kim Jong-un, that you would remove him in the name of Jesus.
And the tyrant man would fall. He's had long enough. It's time, Lord.
Even in his innermost circle, we say their time is done, including his sister.
And we call a cleansing over North Korea for a major revival, a window of revival. I see the translations.
I see people in the superhighways going into North Korea and preaching the gospel.
I see Americans and people on the highway being translated there and ministering and going home.
I see translations in certain parts of China and certain parts of the Middle East, translating into Pakistan with Holy Ghost and fire.
Okay, this is what I see in this vision. I see them having a dream.
I see Jesus speaking to them in a dream, and they wake up the next day and have a visitation from a believer who is actually speaking their language and able to minister to them right where they are.
The Lord said it will be a quick work. Father, we thank you, Lord, for North Korea.
We thank you, Lord, that they will have a supernatural experience, a supernatural outpouring of the spirit of the Lord.
You told me, 'I have not forgotten the people of North Korea.
I have not forgotten their suffering. I have heard their cries.
I have heard the pain and I have not forgotten.'We call a liberation over the people of North Korea.
And he said that concerning Cuba: there will be a great shaking in Cuba.
The Castros are going to be removed and a great manifestation of my glory is coming on the island of Cuba.
A great harvest, Holy Ghost and fire over Cuba in the name of Jesus. We call it done now.
Now, that's interesting because the dragon was over North Korea, but this looks like a demonic spirit that has no legs.
It looks like gauze. It looks like the Grim Reaper. And it stretches over the whole island.
And then, Lord, this is a spirit of witchcraft. The Lord just said, 'That's a spirit. That's witchcraft, Brandon.
What you're looking at, that's witchcraft no less.'And the angels of the Lord are camped around those that believe.
For there are more with us than there are with them."For there are more with us than there are with them.
I see certain people in the Spanish community rising up specifically.
You know who I'm talking about, do you? The man in Miami? Guillermo Maldonado.
Yep, I see Guillermo Maldonado, and I see him going to Cuba right now.
I see this man, but it's not him. I see a team of people coming around this man.
I see them on the right and on the sides of this man, and I see them going to Cuba.
I'll use who I want to use in a greater capacity; I will use them, and a fire will flow.
A fire will flow, and I'll deliver the people of Cuba by my hand through your hand, with your hand on top like this fire.
Fire on the deliverance of this witchcraft on this nation. I feel the Holy Ghost and fire on my head.
Hallelujah. I see a fire. I see a Holy Ghost and fire. I see a team of about a hundred people, and they're going and holding revivals in this nation.
When Trump liberates you, when the Lord uses Trump in the days ahead, you're just right there.
You'll have a major window. I see missionaries going into Cuba, and He is using this man.
I see churches springing forth even on a greater measure all throughout Cuba.
So much so that there's not capacity because of the Holy Ghost and fire that's coming on Cuba.
Do you hear me? I see it, Braden. I see buildings that are just like makeshift buildings, not like big churches.
I see metal-front buildings full of people, Hispanic people, Cuban people, all giving glory to God with the drapes, the palm branches—whatever those things are—those little curtains, whatever they do, those flag twirlers.
Thank you, Holy Ghost. Flag twirlers. They're dancing at the front and they're in white.
These Hispanic women have white dresses on to their ankles and they have their hair back, and I see them twirling these things.
They have a thing across their hair. I see this woman specifically, but I see a fire.
Not only that, I see the glory cloud coming into Cuba. I see so many signs and wonders.
I see the altar full of people getting saved; it's about to take place in Cuba.
Be ready for the door. You that are missionaries, who speak Spanish, be ready for the door.
For a great door is about to open unto you. And a great move of my spirit is going to flood that land.
I see deliverance is coming. I see healings: arms, legs growing out, eyes coming back, supernatural miracles.
He said, "And the dead being raised."Watch the Spanish community come alive in Cuba.
The Lord says, "I see these wells being dug all in Cuba right now.
I see these wells, but they don't have a limit to them. The well is not just where you dip it down. The well is running out and it's running over on the soil.
The well was dug and it had so much pressure there waiting that it's like a geyser, and it's shooting up the water like a fountain, like a living fountain.
And the fountain's coming up and it's in the middle of the island.
And there are three major wells; I see one, two, three. And they're springing forth out of the land.
Be ready. Great doors of opportunity. Great doors for the greatest ministry you've ever seen in Cuba is about to happen.
Greatest soul winning, the greatest manifestations, and you'll hear about it. Internet feed coming, fiber optics.
You're talking major revival, a changing of Cuba from being like it is now to like America, big business, a changing of the culture.
It's almost a changing of financial culture. That's what I want to tell you.
A changing of spiritual climate is coming to Cuba. Get ready for this.
That's what the Lord said. Get ready for what I'm about to do.
I'll open the door and it's going to flood wide open to you. Hallelujah. I see it. There have been women crying.
I see this elder who has been there all through the persecution, and she's an elderly woman.
She has really wrinkled skin and she's just been weeping and praying for the nation to have revival and she's never given up; she's about to get her breakthrough.
She has a look like some kind of shawl on her head. She has a white outfit on and it has blue embroidery on top of it, right on the edge.
And I see this woman, she has really wrinkly skin. She looks like she's been in the sun a long time.
Her skin looks leathered. And I see the one leading the charge is Marco Rubio. Pray for Marco Rubio.
I say leading the charge will be Marco Rubio, for David has slain his ten thousands and Saul his thousands.
I see that real clear right there. And he said, "I'm not going to just stop there.
I'm going to liberate the people even in Mexico."It's much different.
But Claudia has got to go, and I'll bring in a better leader, and great revival will come all over Mexico.
And I'm going to deal with the cartel. The trafficking and the young innocent lives have come up before my throne.
What they do, trafficking these children, is a stench before me, and the Lord is going to judge this.
The cartel MS-13, these dark gang lords, they're going to suddenly just fall over dead.
And the Lord's putting judgment on it for them trafficking these children.
I see some of them by drug overdoses and some of them by mercenaries.
Thank God for Trump. That's what you'll say in the days ahead. Thank God for President Trump and for our SEAL teams.
As much as what will come in going into the midterms and attack against this nation, the body of Christ can hold him and push him through.
I told you he won't make it on his own across that end zone. You're going to have to grab him on each side of him and lift him up over it because he has cement on his feet.
And the Lord said, 'He won't make it unless you do it. We must lift him up.'So, Father, we pray for his children right now.
We pray for Barron. We pray for Tiffany. We pray for Ivanka. We pray for Don Jr.
We pray for Eric. We pray a hedge around and about his children.
We thank you, Lord, that there's no weapon formed against them will prosper.
A thousand shall fall at their side and 10,000 at their right hand, but nothing shall come nigh them.
And every plot, every plan of revenge from the Ayatollah from the Iranian government about Qasem Soleimani and these other dark entities that we have assassinated, Father, they will not be able to retaliate against our own dignitaries, their own special interest.
I told you I saw a list of all the people that they had planned on from greatest to least of who they had planned to take out.
And I saw the list and I saw how they had planned to try to eliminate these individuals.
And the Lord said, 'Pray for that list.'Part of Trump's cabinet.
There's certain people. And the Lord said, 'Pray for this list.
We lift up President Trump's children in the blood. He will not suffer loss from his kids.
And we thank you, Lord. We will not have a draft. We call peace that we got the job done.
And we thank you, Lord, for our troops. We thank you, Lord, for our troops right now that they're not in harm's way.
We pray for Abraham Lincoln. We pray for our big ships we have out there, the carriers.
We pray for all the other boats around. We pray for our Air Force strike teams, our troops on the ground.
We pray for every single one of them that they will not burn them alive. They'll not do anything.
They'll not use biological or chemical or any kind of hazardous materials on them.
We cover them in the name of Jesus that they will not have any of them suffer any kind of bullet wounds or anything.
Father, it will be just like the mighty men of war in the Bible.
They'll go in and find the weapons of mass destruction, and they will bring them out and destroy them in the depth of that mountain.
I call for angels'aid and assistance to get in that mountain.
I call for angels'aid and assistance on helicopters. On the helicopters—how do you want me to say?
Do I say anything I'm seeing right now? I don't feel peace about it, so I'm not going to say all that I'm seeing.
We pray for secret intelligence on Israel's side and ours. Just pray in the spirit; that's all that matters.
I'm not even going to pray in English over you; just pray in the spirit with me, okay?
So we're just going to pray. You just focus your prayers on our troops on the ground.
Focus that they find what they're looking for and they find it quickly. There are many places to look; there's more than one place.
So instead of putting them in harm's way, parading around the whole country, they need strategic insight on where these weapons are located so that they can dispose of them and eliminate them from being used.
But there are certain weapons that are bigger and more powerful than what they've used, and I don't know why they haven't used them other than the grace of God.
But there are certain places—you could spend your whole month trying to find all these underground things and go around looking—but they need the right intel at the right time to guide them on where to go instead of a wild goose chase.
Does that make sense? Because the longer they're on the ground, the more harm they could have in harm's way.
To be strategic and know exactly where you're supposed to go, exactly the mission at hand, and keeping them out of harm's way as much as possible.
That's what we're praying: that the intel they're receiving is accurate.
You need to really think about the intel they're receiving being accurate.
That's what I see and that's what I will say. All hidden things be revealed.
All hidden things be revealed for our men and women of service.
I call all hidden things revealed, and the intel that they're receiving, that they would have discernment on what's right and what's not coming from both sides—from the Israeli government and the United States.
But some of this is Saudi Arabia, and I see certain nations that are involved in this concerning where they're finding these weapons of mass destruction, the capability of producing more.
We call this exposed in the name of Jesus. We call for an unveiling that you would show them, guide them, and the troops in our chain of command, that it would be strong and they would say, "It's here.
We know it's here,"and that they wouldn't move it, and that it would be exposed, disposed of, and that no harm would come nigh our servicemen and women in the name of Jesus.
I put a hedge of blood of the Lord Jesus Christ of protection over our troops right now to go after the enriched uranium and the plutonium—all of it, whatever it may be that's connected to the demonic devices of nuclear.
We say it's brought to justice and brought out in the name of Jesus, and we thank you, Lord, that it's disposed of quickly.
We thank you, Lord, right now in the name of Jesus for this. Thank you, Father.
I see it. There's these two angels again. I see two angels. They're entertaining angels unawares.
I see those angels. We call angels to aid and assist. Aid and assist these troops.
Aid and assist to get these weapons out of this mountain. Aid and assist.
Oh, Father, we thank you, Lord, that no harm comes to them. We thank you, Lord, that their families are praying.
We're praying, we cover them, and they will get rid of these weapons in the name of Jesus.
Satan, stop it. I see the Prince of Persia, this principality of Persia. And the principality is camped on the mountain.
This principality has these nasty-looking broken wings with feathers and things missing out of it.
It looks like a tattered-looking angel that looks like it's dirty and dingy with feathers. His back has stuff missing out of it.
He looks a lot like Lucifer, and he's camped around the top of this mountain and he has a hold of the mountain.
I thank you, Father. The frontline intercessors, the front lines penetrating this wall.
We're going to penetrate this wall. I see this wall, that we get through the wall and those troops are protected.
Our troops, our physical troops, are protected. Angels, aid and assistance.
Protecting our troops in the name of Jesus, that they would bring it all out.
Braden, I see these scrolls again. I see tablets in a museum. Thereafter, I see ancient writings again.
I see these writings; it's like tablets in a room with white around it.
It's a white room with those lights that we have in our office complexes—they look like those halogen bulbs, those long bulbs where you can see the shelves.
There are ancient, biblical artifacts. It's a museum. I see pieces of glazed pottery, some kind of old antique pottery pieces.
They're not even full pots; they're broken. But it's what's written on the pot—there's art on the decor of the pots concerning biblical writings.
Why do we want old pottery and this stuff? I see statues, old biblical-looking statues with a goatee that goes down.
I see this goatee-looking statue, and it's old, in this museum underground.
It looks like a pharaoh's face, like a pharaoh's goatee, and it goes up with a hat on it.
It's pointed, looking like an alien head. It's a statue carved out of a stone.
They're looking for something. I see these leaves that look like palm leaves and they're copper.
I see bones—giant bones. They're massive. I'm talking about a huge rib cage, like Goliath's.
I see bones that are massive—rib cages the size of my body. It's not the whole skeleton system, just parts.
I see massive shoulders in the bottom of this room. It's a huge, massive skull—bigger than a basketball, like a beach ball.
It's huge. Lord, what do they want that stuff for? Father, what are you showing me about this?
He said, 'This is what I've told you was coming.'He said, 'Brandon, this is what I told you is coming: an uncovering of things that have been buried that will line up with biblical knowledge.
It will bring the Bible more to life for Muslims. They buried it.
They don't want this out there because it goes with historic records of the Bible, things that are attached to the Bible.'That's what the Lord said.
He said they want to expose it, to bring it out. He said, 'I'm doing this to bring clarity to the Muslim people because they've suppressed it.
They kept it down.'He says, 'It is similar to the Vatican. There are things you know not that they have: ancient stuff linked to the disciples, carbon dating.
Braden, carbon dating—I hear the Lord say this is carbon dating.
I see relics, carbon dating relics greater than the shroud.
They always say Jesus's shroud, but there are things being covered that are greater.
Iran has kept this, and they're going to look through it. I see it so clear.
The Lord said they're going to look through it. Thank God for Trump.
You'll say, 'Thank God for Trump.'It's backing biblical understanding.
Then you must pray that the people who get the artifacts in the museums don't try to bury it because there are corrupt men who would try to receive it.
There is corruption in the men who would try to receive it. There are things that are hidden that need to be revealed.
The Lord says, 'Brendon, you camped there long enough. We got to move on.'Now I have direction. I was waiting for it and I was praying.
Now, Father, every plot, every plan concerning Passover tomorrow, we uncover it in the name of Jesus.
Every plan will backfire; it will not hurt any of the Jewish people.
We cover every plot, every plan against the Passover. We say it will backfire. I see the vests; they'll backfire on you.
Thank you, Father, concerning Good Friday, concerning Resurrection Sunday. We cover our churches.
We cover our places of worship, our churches all around America, all around Italy, all around Europe, all around everywhere, Father, where we worship and celebrate your resurrection.
We cover the churches in the name of Jesus. Every plot, every plan to try to cause mass destruction across the land, we say you will not.
We will not have it. We call for angels'aid and assistance over these areas to protect our pastors, to protect the congregations.
You will not touch us, you will not hinder us, and you will not harm us.
Every plot, every plan, we call for angels'aid and assistance across the lands.
We say we are protected by the blood of the Lamb. No weapon formed against us will prosper.
Oh God, I thank you that a thousand shall fall at our side and ten thousand at our right hand, but it will not come nigh us.
I cover this time in the blood. I cover our services in the blood.
Good Friday—I cover Good Friday in the blood over the Catholic churches all over Italy.
We call the Good Friday service; we call all Easter services.
It's not just about the big churches; the Lord said, "Cover the little churches, too."I see plots and plans concerning little Baptist churches.
I see plots and plans concerning little churches with just a couple hundred people in them.
The Lord said they're a target, too. It's not just about the mega-church; cover the small churches, too.
Don't let—it's the body altogether. No matter what size you are, the Lord said it: He said it's a target.
Pray. Even Easter egg celebration hunts—I see them being a target at parks.
Over the chatter on the internet, over all the chatter, over our oil rigs, over all our oil refineries, over our gas plants.
We call our natural gas plants, our propane plants; I call them protected over all sabotage.
I take authority over the sabotage on our oil refineries, over our oil industry.
We call any sabotage brought to justice, inside and out. That's all I'll say.
Foreign and domestic black swan events to make it look like it is terrorist.
I can tell you the area, but I don't feel like I should. I can tell you who I believe it is, but I don't want to say it out loud.
This is foreign and this is domestic; that's what you want to call a black swan event.
Yeah, it's good enough. The Lord said you did good. Yeah, I did my job.
Pray over down by Corpus Christi, the Houston area. Pray over New Orleans, Louisiana. We pray over Oklahoma. We pray over the areas.
Oh Father, we thank you, Lord, for our nuclear power plants, a covering over our power plants, a covering over our infrastructure, our electric grid, and our substations.
We pray over our water plants, our facilities throughout America and our major cities. This is very serious, Braden, very, very serious.
What I'm seeing concerning our oil facilities: I see the Mexican cartel and the Spanish cartel.
I see something very dark down here. I sing praises to your name, O Lord.
Praises to your name, O Lord, for your name is great and greatly to be praised. I sing praises to your name, O Lord.
Praises to your name, O Lord, for your name is great and greatly to be praised.
As I was singing, He said, "Praise me."I saw an EF3 touchdown in Oklahoma.
It was towards the center part towards Logan County on the far side going up through that area.
I see a major storm going through Ponca City. I see a major tornado trying to touch down in the days ahead in Ponca City and Stillwater. I'm going to show you where I see the track of this storm.
I see it going up towards Mulhall, going up through Stillwater, going up through Ponca City, going straight out through Blackwell, Oklahoma, and going straight out through the Kansas border.
This is a very dominant vision. This is a very long-track tornado that I see, and it has great strength.
I don't know when, but I see this and the Lord said, "Take authority over your weather."There is a major storm trying to form soon, and I see it going up through the central part of Oklahoma.
This is a very clear vision; that means it is quick. So, if you live in this area, you should use your authority over your weather because I see a major storm trying to come up in this area with a long-track tornado.
It doesn't mean that it has to be on the ground all at one time; it goes up and down.
That's why I see it is a jaunt and it goes for a while. This will be a supercell. This is a very detailed vision.
It's not on the I-35 corridor; it's on the right-hand side of the I-35 corridor.
Stop it, devil. It's on the right side and it goes up through Langston.
We pray over our area. We pray over Oklahoma. We thank you, Lord.
There will not be destructive tornadoes. Thank you, Father.
Thank you, Jesus. We call in five inches of rain in Jesus'name.
We call in low-pressure systems to stall out over the United States and for buckets and toad-strangling rain to come in Jesus'name.
Father, not destructive floods like it was down in Texas, but we call in rain and I take authority over this drought in Jesus'name.
You will not bring drought over our land. Our crops will have rain.
The fires will stop and I have authority over you. Rain, come forth now in Jesus'name.
We claim five inches of rain over the Tulsa metro area in Jesus'name, going all the way up and into Missouri through Joplin, all the way up through St.
Louis. Through St. Louis, going all the way up. Father, I thank you, Lord.
Thank you for all the rain. Kansas is getting rain; Nebraska, North Dakota, South Dakota, Texas.
We call in the rain in Jesus'name, breaking the drought. We will not have it, and the fires are done burning up our land.
No more. You believe that? No more. We're calling it in: rain. We speak to the rain in Jesus'name.
I have somebody agreeing with me in here, and I know Diana is agreeing too.
But I'm pulling; I'm believing. We're not begging; we're thanking him.
It's coming to pass; rain is coming. No more fires burning up all this land. No more. Thank you, Lord, that you hear us.
Father, we take the care out of our prayer tonight over everything we've been praying for, everything that you have in store.
We give you praise and glory, Father, for it in the name of Jesus.
Thank you, Lord, for everything you have in store, that the blessing of the Lord is on our nation, that the favor of God is on it. Thank you, Father, that rain is here.
Even if there's a shaking to awaken, ladies and gentlemen, he said that he was going to shake the bride to bring her to his side.
It's not a bad thing to be woken up; it's a good thing. I brought all those scriptures out last prayer time I had with you about refining.
We have to mature because you're not going to get where you need to go unless you are refined.
You have to be refined. Do you have it? It's all right; don't worry about it. We have so many scriptures that we quote.
Braden brings my little Bible thing up there that I can read the scriptures when I'm going.
But he's talking about refining, and most people don't want to go through refining. And you're not going to get to the greater glory.
The greater glory comes with travail as we learn through prayer and through refining.
He'll not share his glory with any but one, but the sufferings of the greater glory.
I believe with all my heart God is going to do something huge in these last days through each one of us.
And I'm so thankful you showed up tonight to pray with me. Braden's going to show you some things he found on the news now, and we're going to talk about it. Jerome Powell made a...
I prayed at the beginning, and the Lord said, 'Save the news to the end tonight because he had some work to do.'Braden worked hard on this if you want to watch this part.
I don't know how many of you are here, but I know it's getting late. I want to show what Jerome Powell said. Oh yeah, sure.
Go ahead and show what Jerome Powell said today about our economy. You got it. He's almost done.
He's going to have a sign that says 'job one,'and he needs a job here pretty quick. He's almost done. Thank God.
What's clear is that our debt is growing much faster; the federal government debt is growing substantially faster than our economy, and that ratio is going up.
In the long run, that's the definition of unsustainable. The level of the debt is not unsustainable, but the path is not sustainable.
It's really important that we get back to—we don't have to pay the debt down.
We just need to have a primary balance and begin to have the economy actually growing better, growing more quickly than the economy. It will not end well if we don't do something fairly soon.
This is not the Fed's job, of course, and I pretty much limit myself to those high-level points, which essentially everyone ignores.
What's clear is—sorry, my air kicked on. It always sounds like a windstorm whenever it does.
It's hot in here; these lights get really hot. But isn't that interesting what he said?
I've already told you what I've prayed over, and the Lord said, 'It's just buying time.
The dollar's done.'Trump is just buying time, keeping it from going over the water's edge.
But the dollar is done, and that's what the Lord showed us: this would be the beginning soon of the beast system.
Do I believe that the church is here for all that? I don't believe we are going to see the beast system, the full manifestation of it.
I believe we're going to see the beginning, maybe the birthing pains of it, but I truly believe the rapture of the church is sooner than later. It's coming.
Now, I don't want anybody to be confused by me saying it's coming if I tell you that we have a major revival and we're going to have a harvest of souls now.
It could start this summer. Why couldn't it be now? Why can't we just believe Him for now, that we start seeing this manifestation of what we're believing for all the ones in the backfield?
He's leaving the 99 to go after the one. I believe it's sooner than later, instead of going, 'Well, it's in the sweet by and by.'You know, we might see that in the next five years.
Why not now? Why not start calling it forth on this channel and praying and believing God that we're going to see it?
What did he just say about Cuba? That was a very strong prophetic word.
I felt it. It rolled out of me from what the Lord was saying. And I'm telling you, it's going to happen.
I know when I hear the Lord like that, it's going to happen; you can write it down. God is going to shake Cuba.
So, I get excited whenever I see these things of Him saying that the economy and all this stuff. Why? Well, it's His job.
But at the same time, we know that we're just getting ready for the beast system soon because the dollar's in the way.
I said the dollar's in the way, ladies and gentlemen. Why? Because we go to a one-world order.
One day we go to a global system with digital assets that will work by your chip in your hand or your chip in your forehead.
What does that tell you? I told you it will all work. It will work by crypto. The foundation of the Clarity Act will bring clarity.
They need the Clarity Act, which will bring forth more legalization and all kinds of stuff concerning the clarity that will bring forth the chip eventually on your forehead or your hand.
It's all coming in line. It's exciting. We're living in the last of the last seconds here.
If you truly know what the Lord told us was going to happen and you study Bible prophecy like Sister Billie and Perry and all these others, Rick Renner, it's all around us.
Look what's happening. And I got excited about that. Now remember the word I gave from the Lord.
The Lord said that we would start to see major sightings in the sky and there would be asteroids and comets and things starting to come in through our atmosphere.
It's all over the articles now: 'Mysterious spike in meteors warrants serious investigation.'Why? I said because there'll be a shaking in the heavens.
The Lord said a shaking in the heavens is coming and it will start, and it will even increase to the point where it will bust out people's glass in their houses and their cars in the days ahead, going over the northeast, over the Minnesota area, all the way across our country.
I saw a major one flying. It was like a sonic boom and it busted all the glass out of their houses.
Boom! As signs in the heavens. He said, 'I will shake the heavens.'He said five major shakings are coming. And when I gave this word, there was only one encounter.
Now it's happening so much that 'mysterious spike in meteors warrants serious investigation.'We should really look at this.
Why is it happening all the time? Because the Lord's trying to get your attention, scientists. Five major shakings.
It will be a shaking in politics, a shaking in finances, a shaking in the church, a shaking in the earth's crust, and a shaking in the heavens.
All five shakings will take place. And as labor pains upon the woman, so will it be. And he said, "You're going to see a double.
As of tonight, in an hour and a half, Passover begins here."And I thought that was interesting that this was an article Braden found.
And he said, "Daddy, look. Mysterious spiking meteors."People go, "Wow, wow."It'll be Braden.
Isn't Jesus wonderful, folks? Accuracy is important. Now, go ahead. Next. Anything else? Why are they doing that?
Oh, do you remember whenever I said I saw them doing genetically modified body parts and they were creating lab-grown organs, splicing the DNA with turtles and with animals so that you could live longer?
Do you remember that? And they would harvest the organs out of these beings that didn't look like humans. They were just vessels created for harvesting parts.
But in this, they would splice it with a turtle because a tortoise lives for hundreds of years and they were trying to figure out why a turtle lives for that long—this tortoise.
So they were taking the DNA from a tortoise and they were splicing it with humans through AI technology, quantum computing.
Do you—does anyone remember this? I gave this word back last summer.
And I said, "Watch what they do."And then they're going to start having Build-A-Babies and they will be able to go into a place and say, "I want blue eyes, black hair, darker skin, lighter skin.
And I want it to be whatever I want. Build-A-Baby and it looks like this.
And I want it to be this tall, this strong, this smart, whatever."And they put it in there.
And they would mess with the genetic code. And they grew your baby in this artificial womb in a lab.
And if it didn't happen the way you thought it would, play it.
This is July the 7th of 2025. I gave this word. Does anybody remember this? Well, the Lord gave it through me.
I work off what the Word of God says, that as the days of Noah, so will it be when the Son of Man returns.
And it talks about it in there: there were giants on the land, the angels slept with the women and created giants, right?
So we have the Nephilim—the Nephilim—I hope I don't butcher that again—the Nephilim.
So what I saw happening in labs in certain cities—I saw they look like it—it was the creepiest thing I've ever seen.
They were trying to create superhumans. They were taking DNA from an animal using AI.
How does a tortoise or a turtle live so long? Because some of them are two to 300 years old.
They were taking that DNA and were trying to use AI to splice it with human DNA, trying to create organs that would have longevity—longevity of hearts, longevity with DNA splicing—like trying to outsmart God.
And the Lord told me, "I fearfully and wonderfully made you in My image."They're trying to do exactly what they did in the old days with Noah.
Satan was trying to destroy the bloodline of a pure human by creating monsters.
And the Lord showed me, saying, "As in the days of Noah, Brandon, look what they're going to do again."They're trying to recreate the human the way we are by being blasphemous. The Lord said, "We are made in His image; we're perfect.
We're perfect in His sight."When man tries to add to or take away from any of the DNA of making a human a human, it takes away from who we are with God, saying, "Well, we're crossbreeds.
We're not full humans,"by taking things and adding to or taking away from anything.
I hope this is making sense; this is just the level of my thinking.
When I am looking into the vision, this is what the Lord shows me. He says to me, "Brandon, they're playing around with fire.
They're playing around with things they don't know—if these people are evil, they have a reprobate mind."I saw them adding to the DNA, trying to make people super strong by adding gorilla traits from big gorillas.
They were very strong animals trying to make men super strong like Arnold Schwarzenegger—like super soldiers—and making them very strong.
And people say—and Braden told me, because I don't keep the comment section on my phone anymore—he said, "Daddy, they say that they've already had this for five or six years now."Folks, I don't know anything about all that stuff.
I'm not into conspiracy theories; I'm telling you what I got strictly from the Voice of the Father warning about this.
They say, "Well, Alex Jones talks about all these other people, Joe Rogan, and all these other people."Listen, this is what the Spirit of the Lord said.
I don't know about these men; I'm trying to tell you what I saw in labs.
If that's what they're telling you, then they're right. This is what I saw.
It was a race from China and other countries (which the Lord said not to mention). There was a race trying to perfect it—to see who had it.
It was like a new industrial revolution with CRISPR, trying to create a new superhuman species—genetically altered bodies trying to get the flaws out, in other words.
And then I saw babies in labs in embryonic fluid, bubbling with a light behind it. It looked like a hot light keeping this baby warm.
It looked like something in a sci-fi movie that was being created and not a fully formed baby, but a baby that was actually being created.
And what you could see was that it wasn't fully developed yet.
And I could see the nose and the head and how it all separates from the egg and the sperm and how it's all created.
And life without a mother. And I saw they were doing it; it was successful.
It was alive in a cylinder tube, suspended in this amniotic fluid with real-life bubbles moving around this human life that looked like a real human.
It was created, and I could see the fluids. It looked like the amniotic fluid had a yellow tint.
It looked almost like a shade of urine. You get the point. This went on, and this was a major vision that night when we were praying.
It was probably on the fifth or sixth, but this is what came out today.
Now, it's amazing that Braden had to do research to see if this is real, but it's supposed to be real.
It's pretty gross; it's deep research stuff going on as Trump phases out federal animal experimentation.
If we can create a non-sentient, headless body for a human being that will be a great source of organs, investors say.
So they want to have a headless body to create organs for transplant.
They're trying to create brains, livers, and body parts in labs.
Do you understand what I just said? That's creepy. That's what I saw.
They were creating lab-grown body parts in a laboratory, and they're doing this.
They're trying to create stuff that's weird. But it's what the Lord said in July of last year; He said, "Pay attention to this.
They're going to do this, and they're going to try to make you live longer."So you say, "Well, the man's heart is getting old, so they put a brand-new heart in you to keep you alive longer because it's a fresh new heart and fresh body parts."Then, Benny Johnson had this special guest on there today.
We won't be able to leave it up there because I'm not stealing Benny Johnson's stuff, but I want you to see what goes with this prophetic word of what the Lord told us is coming to pass.
Listen to this. This is really creepy. As in the days of Noah and the Nephilim, I think it's interesting where we are with the signs of the times of the coming Lord Jesus Christ and what's coming out in the news.
I told you a great alien deception is coming. What is going on?
If they're willing to let this go, what's going on over here?
Remember that I've told you: if they're willing to tell you about this, what darkness are they hiding over here that they don't think this is dark anymore?
I said it's going to be sleight of hand. This is going on over here and they don't want you to see this over here.
It's like, 'pay attention over here,'and this over here is much darker.
So, I just want to encourage you all. We are living in the last of the last days.
The signs are all around us. Do you have eyes to see, or is your head stuck in the sand like an ostrich?
I refuse to be the frog in the pot, allowing it to get hotter and hotter and not pay attention to my surroundings and realize that we are in the last seconds of the last days.
We're there, and the Lord is calling for prayer, prayer, prayer.
I'm so thankful for every single one of you that showed up tonight.
But as I saw some of the things that Braden was showing me today, I said, 'Man, son, this is getting way out there. We are on the verge of something major.
I'm expecting something; I'm expecting some kind of sign.'NASA is saying they're trying to figure it out; they're going up tomorrow.
I told you they go up on the first. Russia is shipping oil to Cuba today.
This is what I told you: old alliances from the 1960s would try to come out.
They're carrying 730,000 barrels of oil. That's a lot of oil.
That will give them enough to get by, but I saw a great shaking of their nation again tonight. So it's only just to get you through.
We don't want anybody suffering, but I know that Jesus Christ is coming, folks, and it's going to be awesome.
So, did you enjoy that tonight? Did you get anything out of it? Did you get stirred up? Hopefully, you did.
Get fed, get your spirit stirred and ready to go on to your next day as we go into Passover in the next hour and a half.
So, awesome times. I think I'm done; I'm tired now. We came on early and we hit it hard and fast.
Praise the Lord. I don't know how many are here, but thank you for being here.
We're so excited that you were here tonight. But I want to ask you this before we close: Do you know Jesus?
If you're here tonight and you've never accepted Jesus Christ as your Lord and personal Savior, you see all these things and it seems kind of scary and everything, but the scariest part would be if you were to die tonight and spend eternity in hell.
That's scary. The signs of the times—war, rumors of war, earthquakes, asteroids, all kinds of things.
It's bad. But I'm telling you, the most tragic thing that could happen to a human being is to wake up in hell.
Every single one of us has a choice to make. You could be in the final seconds of your life and you don't even know it.
None of us are promised tomorrow. We all believe with long life He'll satisfy me and show me His salvation.
But there are some of you who will not wake up tomorrow. Maybe not on this broadcast, but there are people.
I'm just saying. I want you to really search your heart tonight and ask yourself: 'Do I know Jesus Christ?
Do I know where I will go, and where will I spend eternity?'There's a heaven to gain and a hell to shun.
Jesus Christ paid the price for you. He died and suffered greatly for you to live a victorious life and to spend eternity with Him.
But you have to accept it, invite Him into your life, and be real with yourself and say, 'I need a Savior; I'm a sinner.'There are many of you that have been running for quite a while and tonight you have an opportunity one more time as He's knocking on the door of your heart: 'Will you let Me in?
Will you let Me in?'It's your choice to surrender all tonight.
It's your choice. But don't squander this moment. Don't say, 'Well, I might have another time later.
I don't really know.'You may not have another time. Jesus could come back tonight.
Are you ready? Are you awake? Are you looking for the King to come? If you're not, you should be.
I want to say a simple prayer for you, but I want you to repeat this little prayer after me.
If you are really ready to sell out to Jesus, to give Him all, to surrender all, and just to say, 'I need You.'"I can't do this anymore.
I've made a mess out of my life."But He specializes in making messes into messages and making losers into heroes.
Supernatural things will start to happen in your life the moment you say, "Yes, here am I, Lord."So, I just want to say a simple prayer for you, and I want you to repeat the prayer if you're ready to give your heart to Jesus.
Now, if you're not, He can't force His way. He's not going to force you to do it. You have free will.
He's not up there ready to slap you around and say, "Well, I gave you another chance."He's up there going, "Man, I so long for you to be here with me."He loves you.
Anyone who would suffer and die and go through what He went through for any human being—that shows love. I can say I love you, but He proved it by what He did.
You can say a lot of things, but when you display love by an act, there is no greater love than this: than the one who lays down his life for a friend.
I know He laid down His life for me. I believe it. He laid down His life for you.
Do you believe it? Tonight is your night for salvation. Tonight is your night to turn.
All you have to do is say this little prayer with me: "Jesus, I believe You are the Son of God.
I believe that You died for me and You rose again on the third day.
Jesus, I turn my back on the devil. I turn my back on my sin. And from this day forward, I serve You with all my heart.
I believe that You're at the right hand of the Father making intercession for me right now. Jesus, I ask You to write my name in the Lamb's Book of Life.
Jesus, I thank You that today I am forgiven of all my trespasses and all my sins because I believe You are the Son of God and You are the King of everything.
He is the Lord of all, and I accept You as my Lord. I make You my Lord tonight and my Savior.
Thank You, Lord, for forgiving me. And thank You, Lord, that today I have a fresh, clean start.
I believe I'm saved."That's it. It's not that big a deal. You don't have to make some huge religious thing out of it.
It's just with your whole heart; you say it and you believe it.
He died for you and you believe that he is the Son of God and he rose again on the third day.
It is as simple as a five-year-old believing that: 'I believe it, Daddy.'So, we don't have to make it some religious, huge ordeal; it is just something simple that a child can believe.
Do you believe it today? I believe if you do, you're saved. Now, what do you do? You go to a Bible-believing church.
I would say—and I know it makes some people upset—I say go to a non-denominational church. That's where I would go.
If people want to know where I would go to church, I would go to a non-denominational church.
We would go to a church that preaches the Word, that doesn't have lukewarm preaching.
You can go to AG or whatever; I mean, just as long as you're hearing the uncompromising Word of God, that somebody's preaching to you the truth and not some watered-down religion.
Get stirred up. Tell the pastor when you go, 'Listen, I need to be water baptized.'Get water-baptized. Get plugged into the church on Sundays and Wednesdays.
Whenever they have the doors open, go to prayer group, whatever they've got; get plugged in there and read your Bible every single day and pray.
If you don't have a Bible, we will buy you a Bible for free. All you have to do is tell us in the description and the email down below and say, 'Listen, I got saved watching you.
Could I have a Bible?'And we will send you a Bible, no questions asked, in the United States of America.
You just go on there and tell us your name and address where we can send it to you, and we will send it to you more than likely this week.
Just come over here and subscribe and like the video. Be a part of our YouTube community. We're excited you're here.
I pray that there were many of you—there are 39 of you that gave your heart to Jesus Christ tonight.
My son's saying 39 of you; welcome to the family. And what a week to get born again: Resurrection week.
This is Easter. Go to an Easter church somewhere. Get plugged in.
Go find you a good church this weekend. This is a fun weekend to go to church.
Get plugged in. And maybe they'll have some baptisms going on.
Who knows? Some churches do. Just get plugged in. Get excited about this new decision in your life.
We're excited for you. We rejoice with you, all 39 of you. Welcome home and welcome to the family.
Please stick around and pray with us. Be a part of our YouTube community here, our prayer church.
This is a prayer church. We pray and we believe that we're changing things through prayer.
So, we just want to tell you welcome. We love you. Well, and congratulations on your decision, and the best is yet to come.
So to all the rest of you that have come out tonight, I tried to keep it not as long.
It's two hours and two minutes, so it's not too bad. I try not to weary you all.
I go two hours, two and a half hours, and I go, "Oh man, too long."Burning the midnight oil.
So here we are again. Wednesday is here. So we'll pray over the day.
Keep praying over all the things over the next Wednesday, Thursday, Friday.
Very serious Saturday, Sunday; our Easter church services is a big week.
So God bless you all. We love you. Thank you for joining us tonight.
Put a smile on your face and a song in your heart. Jesus loves you so much and we love you and we will see you again. God bless you all. Bye-bye.